feat(website): getting started revamp (#1285)
cdk8s-team/cdk8s: docs/get-started/go.md

1. In a terminal window, run the following command in an empty directory: 
```console
cdk8s init go-app
```

1. In your preferred code editor, open the `main.go` file. 
```go
package main

import (
	"github.com/aws/constructs-go/constructs/v10"
	"github.com/aws/jsii-runtime-go"
	"github.com/cdk8s-team/cdk8s-core-go/cdk8s/v2"
)

type MyChartProps struct {
	cdk8s.ChartProps
}

func NewMyChart(scope constructs.Construct, id string, props *MyChartProps) cdk8s.Chart {
	var cprops cdk8s.ChartProps
	if props != nil {
		cprops = props.ChartProps
	}
	chart := cdk8s.NewChart(scope, jsii.String(id), &cprops)

	// define resources here

	return chart
}

func main() {
	app := cdk8s.NewApp(nil)
	NewMyChart(app, "go", nil)
	app.Synth()
}
```

This sample shows the basic structure of a cdk8s application with the essential libraries: **constructs** and **cdk8s**. These libraries supply the foundational classes and methods required for working with cdk8s. It includes the following components:

   * A custom `NewMyChart` function that creates a specific instance of a [Chart](), a method responsible for initializing the ([Chart]()) base class and specifying the Kubernetes resources. 

>    * An instance of the [App]() class signifies the primary entry point of the cdk8s application and oversees the application's lifecycle and resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * A `main` function acting as the primary entry point of the cdk8s application. It instantiates the [App](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/cdk8s-team/cdk8s-core-go/cdk8s/v2#App) instance, which oversees the application's lifecycle and resources.
```

>    * An instance of the `MyChart` class is created by passing the app instance and a string identifier, "go", as arguments. This action generates and registers the Kubernetes resources defined in the `MyChart` class within the application. Note that in this example, the "go" string identifier is autogenerated based on the current directory name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The function `NewMyChart` is called by passing the app instance and a string identifier, "go", as arguments. This action generates and registers the chart and all its resources to the app. Note that in this example, the "go" string identifier is autogenerated based on the current directory name.
```

>    * The `synth` method is called on the `app` instance, which produces the required Kubernetes YAML manifest files based on the defined resources. Note that in this example, we haven't defined any resources within the `MyChart` constructor, so running the "cdk8s synth" command in the CLI would generate a blank Kubernetes manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The `synth` method is called on the `app` instance, which produces the required Kubernetes YAML manifest files based on the defined resources. Note that in this example, we haven't defined any resources within the `NewMyChart` function, so running the "cdk8s synth" command in the CLI would generate a blank Kubernetes manifest.
```

1. Run the following command to install the CLI using [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm). For more installation methods, see [Install the cdk8s CLI](./../cli/installation.md).
```console
npm install -g cdk8s-cli
```

### Create a project
Next, we’ll initialize a project to create the directory structure and install the necessary dependencies using the [init](./../cli/init.md) command. 

 1. In a terminal window, create a new directory:
```bash
mkdir cdk8s-golang
```

2. Next, run the following command inside the `cdk8s-golang` directory: 
```console
cdk8s init go-app
```

3. In your preferred code editor, open the `main.go` file. 
```go
package main

import (
	"github.com/aws/constructs-go/constructs/v10"
	"github.com/aws/jsii-runtime-go"
	"github.com/cdk8s-team/cdk8s-core-go/cdk8s/v2"
)

type MyChartProps struct {
	cdk8s.ChartProps
}

func NewMyChart(scope constructs.Construct, id string, props *MyChartProps) cdk8s.Chart {
	var cprops cdk8s.ChartProps
	if props != nil {
		cprops = props.ChartProps
	}
	chart := cdk8s.NewChart(scope, jsii.String(id), &cprops)

	// define resources here

	return chart
}

func main() {
	app := cdk8s.NewApp(nil)

> 	NewMyChart(app, "go", nil)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	NewMyChart(app, "cdk8s-golang", nil)
```

	app.Synth()
}
```

This sample shows the basic structure of a cdk8s application with the essential libraries: **constructs** and **cdk8s**. These libraries supply the foundational classes and methods required for working with cdk8s. It includes the following components:

   * A `NewMyChart` function that creates a specific instance of a [Chart](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/cdk8s-team/cdk8s-core-go/cdk8s/v2#Chart). It is responsible for initializing the Chart instance and registering the Kubernetes resources to it.
   * A `main` function acting as the primary entry point of the cdk8s application. It instantiates the [App](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/cdk8s-team/cdk8s-core-go/cdk8s/v2#App) instance, which oversees the application's lifecycle and resources.

>    * The function `NewMyChart` is called by passing the app instance and a string identifier, "go", as arguments. This action generates and registers the chart and all its resources to the app. Note that in this example, the "go" string identifier is autogenerated based on the current directory name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The function `NewMyChart` is called by passing the app instance and a string identifier, "go", as arguments. This action generates and registers the chart and all its resources to the app. Note that in this example, the "cdk8s-golang" string identifier is autogenerated based on the current directory name.
```

>    * The `synth` method is called on the `app` instance, which produces the required Kubernetes YAML manifest files based on the defined resources. Note that in this example, we haven't defined any resources within the `NewMyChart` function, so running the "cdk8s synth" command in the CLI would generate a blank Kubernetes manifest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * The `Synth` method is called on the `app` instance, which produces the required Kubernetes YAML manifest files based on the defined resources. Note that in this example, we haven't defined any resources within the `NewMyChart` function, so running the "cdk8s synth" command in the CLI would generate a blank Kubernetes manifest.
```

>  ## Define Kubernetes resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Define Kubernetes resources
```

 Now, let's delve into defining Kubernetes resources for our application. In this example, we'll outline a basic Kubernetes [Deployment](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/) for a sample app. We'll start by importing the `imports` directory and the `k8s` sub-directory, which houses all cdk8s Kubernetes classes and functions.

>  ### Copy the code sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Copy the code sample
```

1. Copy and paste the following code sample into the existing `main.go` file of your project.

>  ```typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```go
```

package main

import (
	"example.com/cdk8s-golang/imports/k8s"
	"github.com/aws/constructs-go/constructs/v10"
	"github.com/aws/jsii-runtime-go"
	"github.com/cdk8s-team/cdk8s-core-go/cdk8s/v2"
)

func NewChart(scope constructs.Construct, id string, ns string, appLabel string) cdk8s.Chart {

	chart := cdk8s.NewChart(scope, jsii.String(id), &cdk8s.ChartProps{
		Namespace: jsii.String(ns),
	})

	labels := map[string]*string{
		"app": jsii.String(appLabel),
	}

	k8s.NewKubeDeployment(chart, jsii.String("deployment"), &k8s.KubeDeploymentProps{
		Spec: &k8s.DeploymentSpec{
			Replicas: jsii.Number(3),
			Selector: &k8s.LabelSelector{
				MatchLabels: &labels,
			},
			Template: &k8s.PodTemplateSpec{
				Metadata: &k8s.ObjectMeta{
					Labels: &labels,
				},
				Spec: &k8s.PodSpec{
					Containers: &[]*k8s.Container{{
						Name:  jsii.String("app-container"),
						Image: jsii.String("nginx:1.19.10"),
						Ports: &[]*k8s.ContainerPort{{
							ContainerPort: jsii.Number(80),
						}},
					}},
				},
			},
		},
	})

	return chart
}

func main() {
	app := cdk8s.NewApp(nil)

	NewChart(app, "getting-started", "default", "my-app")

	app.Synth()
}

>  ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

# Getting started with cdk8s for Go
In this guide, we'll walk you through the process of building a basic Kubernetes application using cdk8s for Go.

## Prerequisites
1. To install the cdk8s CLI, you need the [Node Package Manager (npm)](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) installed on your local machine. 
2. cdk8s for Go supports Go versions 1.16+. Check your Go version:
```bash
go version
```

## Set up an environment
### Install the CLI
To initialize a cdk8s project and auto-generate Kubernetes manifests based on our code, we need the cdk8s CLI:

> 1. Run the following command to install the CLI using [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm). For more installation methods, see [Install the cdk8s CLI](cli/installation.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the following command to install the CLI using [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm). For more installation methods, see [Install the cdk8s CLI](./../cli/installation.md).
```

   * The function `NewMyChart` is called by passing the app instance and a string identifier, "go", as arguments. This action generates and registers the chart and all its resources to the app. Note that in this example, the "go" string identifier is autogenerated based on the current directory name.
   * The `synth` method is called on the `app` instance, which produces the required Kubernetes YAML manifest files based on the defined resources. Note that in this example, we haven't defined any resources within the `NewMyChart` function, so running the "cdk8s synth" command in the CLI would generate a blank Kubernetes manifest.

 ## Define Kubernetes resources
 Now, let's delve into defining Kubernetes resources for our application. In this example, we'll outline a basic Kubernetes [Deployment](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/) for a sample app. We'll start by importing the `imports` directory and the `k8s` sub-directory, which houses all cdk8s Kubernetes classes and functions.

### Update the `go.mod` file
1. Open your `go.mod` file and add the following line at the bottom of the file:
```go

> replace example.com/cdk8s-golang/imports/k8s => ./imports/k8s

Reviewer: For myself: Check why this is needed.

Reviewer: @tucktuck9 I checked and it works for me without this...lets sync up on this.
